# Project Structure

This is example Mantil project structure with two API's: ping and second.

```
├── api
│   ├── ping
│   │   ├── ping.go
│   │   └── ping_test.go
│   └── second
│       └── second.go
├── config
│   ├── environment.yml
│   └── state.yml
├── functions
│   ├── ping
│   │   └── main.go
│   └── second
│       └── main.go
├── go.mod
├── go.sum
├── public
│   └── ping
│       ├── api.js
│       ├── index.html
│       └── style.css
└── test
    ├── init.go
    ├── ping_test.go
    └── second_test.go
```

Api folder is most important place. That's the definition of all your API's.
That is plain Go code without any dependency to Mantil or AWS. Each API package
must have exported New() method which returns pointer to API implementation
structure. All public methods of that structure are exposed as API URL-s.
Exported methods can have any of this signatures:

```
func ()
func () error
func (TIn) error
func () (TOut, error)
func (context.Context) error
func (context.Context, TIn) error
func (context.Context) (TOut, error)
func (context.Context, TIn) (TOut, error)
```

For reference see AWS
[Go handler](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/golang-handler.html)
documentation.

Functions folder is generated code which transforms your API's to Lambda
functions. It is generated by Mantil and you should not modify it. But that is
part of project and you can see that there is no magic there.

Test folder if where your API integration tests are stored. Explore ping example
to get idea how to create requests and explore results.

In config folder environment.yml is place where you can set environment
variables for each Stage. So you can configure different behavior in different
stages.\
state.yml is project database file maintained by Mantil. It is stored in project
so you can history of all project changes. You should not edit this file.


Folder /api in Mantil project is place for your API's. Each forms a route  is deployed at API Gateway as
